Remember that episode of Doug where he made a new day of the week and called it Funday? God what a fucking loser
#BestBreakUpExcuses a piece of foam fell off the shuttle during launch and damaged the heat tiles on the wing
i know what women NEED bro. like a nitrogen-rich atmosphere and plenty of cellulose
Notorious M.A.N.G.O.S.T.E.E.N
#AskRomney have you ever shaved "DICK HEAD" into the side of your dogs and then duct taped him to your golf cart and drove around the course
i love her BUTTE, but only PLATEAUNICALLY ;) [a tumbleweed made of bugs rolls by. they keep still, moved only by wind. are they dead? am i?]
"fly away troll" i said. and the trolls all flew away. and when they were gone i realized i was now alone
im going to mix pinkslime + green ooze & create teenage mutnat beef krang
Ancient juggalo prophecy reveals Richard Dawkins' death will follow Christopher Hitchens'
lets all write a poem today. ill write one about applebees
Instead of buying your fruit at walmart, try growing your own with plants, seeds, and soil you bought at walmart
ya this is my new sick dance move.. its called i just walked into a fucking spider web and im freaking the fuck out.
she doesn't like my balls nordic. i've never felt oslo as i do now. i'd get her a gift to sweden her up but there's norway i can affjord it
you guys know that moment when you are about to finally lose your virginity, and you realize you arent actually turned on by the boobs, you were only looking at the guys penis when you watched porn all those times
damn girl do you work at the hazelnut bank??? because i'm about to Nut on this Tella
I will beat you for refusing to acknowledge that the Snuggie is superior to conventional blankets
every time i see smeone with a small dog i can tell they dont have the guts to pick up a big meaty dog turd
Extra Large, Large, Medium, Long, Small But Beef, Small, Tiny. I honestly don't see what's so confusing, unless you're professing ignorance as yet another attempt to make yourself seem special.
thank you tooL for making music that expresses my thoughts and feelings
tacobell has been eerily quiet about the future of the volcano taco
memes may be the sole triumph of the gen y, heralding the return of common sense in the chaotic global 9/11 nightmarescape
lube up & prepare to die
I'd challenge you to a battle of wits. But you're clearly unarmed.
turns out the ball pit was some kind of playground thing for kids? not what I was expecting
*raises hand* whats this language called, professor? gay lick? do you like teaching gay lick? do you do gay lick with your students
teeth? What the heck are tee....ohhhhhh, you must mean Mouthbones
having to choose between two loves is the most difficult thing in the world *eyes shift between Atlas Shrugged and sailor moon poster*
a horse walks into a bar. the bartender says "why the long face" then a ton of greek soldiers climb out and kill everyone
shocked parents discover grade school library has book explaining satanism, homosexuality, and drugs. town gathers to burn "The Dictionary"
BROS-DO NOT HIRE A MÖBIUS STRIPPER 4 A BACHELOR PARTY.OURS TOOK OFF ALL HER CLOTHES AND YET END UP FULLY DRESSED.FEELING PERPLEXED+RIPPD OFF
WELCOME TO APPLEBEES MAY I TAKE YOUR ORDER. DID U SAY "A PLATE OF SPIDERS" TOO LATE HERE IT COMES. U HAVE TO EAT IT ALL OR WE CALL THE COPS
yeah i chopped off that horse's balls. now he's a eunuchorn.
Memes and ragecomics are the death of comedy and civilized discourse as we know it. Nya~ ^__^
A good way to test if something is art:if lots of really miserable depressed self-loathing people like it, its art. If not, its sports
*takes pizza pocket out of microwave and its still slightly cold* god I want to die right now. The world is a fucked up place to live
I opened the .XFL file type and was thrust into an incredible world of high octane hardcore football for all the real daredevils out there
BIG SORRY to everyone hurt by my misconception of a "news aggregator"!! please call animal control if you see an alligator in a press hat
I mustard my army through the chili mountain pass to ketchup with the invaders. We fought with relish and won.
smilie number 2511: >:# emotion: feelin' mischievous and my mouth is a waffle iron
bit by a bat two weeks ago. at first i thought i had the flu, but now i cant sleep and am shaking and foaming. am i a vampire?
finally, after twelve hours, they stand up and take a bow. the agent says, "that's a hell of an act. what do you call it?" "google ron paul"
Hey, wanna hear a math joke? *Ground begins to rumble as every person on Earth shouts NNNNOOOOO*
uppercut my balls
two_bros, one selling his beer pong table to buy his bro a CD player, but his bro sold his DMB CD collection for crystal beer pong cups.
i know, im tired of all these obese free roaming animals ruining the wheelwells of my pickup every time i drive to carls jr.
damn, baby. if lovin u is wrong, then i don't want to upset the powers that be. i'm going to back off, cheers to a future life.
ImProud 2B American Where At Least IKnow Im Free&IWont Forget The Astronaut Who Went Across TheCountry In A Diaper To Kill Another Astronaut
my opinion is influenced by the cogent arguments they make filtered through my own critical analysis and deduction. fucktard.
There is this asshole at my work who listens to classical music at his desk to try to seem smart even though he's a dumbass. And its me
instructions on whitestrips say "avoid eye contact". i've been doing that my whole life but why aren't my teeth white already
My high school football nickname was The Pain Train because I go around making train noises and am painfully ugly
Gonna hang up signs in the neighborhood that say "FOUND DOG. Not gonna describe him cause hes mine now. I am so lucky to find this free dog"
MUNICIPALITY *Raiden brings you along to a town hall meeting, you are literally bored to death by Sub-Zero's views on zoning laws*
FOR SALE: DOG PIÑATA. Kleptomaniac dog ate all my candy, then promptly expired. Need to recoup my investment, so please buy him as is, filled with over three pounds of mixed candies. 555-1162 
I showed my bro, Broseph, and he was all, "BRO! THIS IS BROTASTIC. THIS IS THE STUFF OF BROSEIDON, LORD OF THE BROCEAN, REIGNING HIGH IN THE ATBROSPHERE FROM HIS BROLACE IN BROLYMPUS!" 
GET THE HELL OFFA MY LAWN
Oh no, I can't leave without my buddy superfly!
I'm so fucking underground I haven't even heard of myself!
Could there be a third side to this triangle of deceit?
Count yourself lucky that you can ride the soul train in the funky safety of your own house.
should i get ass implants
hey hamlet, sorry yo girlfriend drowned herself... ophelia pain, bro. i really do
your GF roots for truffles
is there anything more erotic than a t-shirt with wolves on it?
what if that bear was "the one"? really makes you think
MY PUBES CAUGHT FIRE AT THE GYM??? HOW DID THIS HAPPEN?? GYM SECURITY SHALL INVESTIGATE
i dressed you in a balsamic vinaigrette and now all i have left is balsamic regret
Reminder that horses can feel your fear
Alas, mine boner shriveleth
Motel 6 lacks the excitement of the first five installments in the series